= Tuiter

Tuiter was design and developed by {Manoel Lemos}[http://manoellemos.com] to
provide access to the Twitter API. It was developed for the experimental
project called {Tuitersfera Brasil}[http://tuitersfera.com.br], an application
to monitor the Twitter usage in Brazil.

Both Tuiter and Tuitersfera were adopted, further developed and maintained by
{Webco Internet}[http://webcointernet.com].

== Instalation

Tuiter is avaliable as a gem on 
{Rubyforge}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/tuiter/], so you can easily install
using rubygems:

    gem install tuiter

Although it is recommended to use the gem published on Rubyforge, tuiter is also
avaliable at Github. This might be useful if you want to experiment with forks
or live on the bleeding edge. 

To install the Github version, simply run on a console:

    gem install webco-tuiter --source=http://gems.github.com

If you already have Github gem repository on you gem source, you can leave the
source part out.

== Basic Usage

    require 'tuiter'
    client = Tuiter::Client.new(:username => '<twitter_login>', :password => '<twitter_pwd>')
    
    client.update('Hey Ho, Twitters!')

There are (or at least we want to add :-) another examples in the examples/ 
folder.

== Using OAuth

	require 'tuiter'
	client = Tuiter::Client.new(:authentication => :oauth, :consumer_key => 'YOUR_KEY', :consumer_secret => 'YOUR_SECRET')

	# request token from Twitter
	rtoken = client.request_token
	# waits for token
	# stores token and secret
	token, secret = rtoken.token, rtoken.secret   # you could store this on session, db, etc
	
	# redirect to authorize url
	rtoken.authorize_url
	# user authenticate in twitter domains
	
	# the code below goes in the callback accessed by Twitter
	access_token = client.authorize(token,secret)
	# checks if everything's ok
	if client.authorized?
	  # have fun
	  15.times do
	    client.update('All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy')
	  end
	end
	
If you already have the token and secret of the user (from database, for example), you just have to do the following to authenticate them:

	client = Tuiter::Client.new(:authentication => :oauth, :consumer_key => 'YOUR_KEY', :consumer_secret => 'YOUR_SECRET', :token => token, :secret => secret)
	if client.authorized?
	  # have fun
	  15.times do
	    client.update('All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy')
	  end
	end

Register your Twitter client at http://twitter.com/oauth_clients

== Roadmap and TO-DO list

Check out the library roadmap and to-do list
{in the project wiki}[http://wiki.github.com/webco/tuiter]

